STEVE: WELCOME BACK TO THE
"FEUD," EVERYBODY. THE MACK
FAMILY WON THE GAME.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
AND NOW IT'S TIME TO PLAY--
AUDIENCE: FAST MONEY!
STEVE: ALL RIGHT, RYAN IS OFF
STAGE. I'M GONNA ASK YOU 5
QUESTIONS IN 20 SECONDS. YOU
CAN'T THINK OF SOMETHING, YOU
JUST SAY "PASS." YOU AND RYAN
TOGETHER COME UP WITH 200
POINTS, LOOK RIGHT THERE, TELL
THEM WHAT YOU'RE GONNA WIN.
DANIELLE: $20,000!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
STEVE: ALL RIGHT. YOU READY?
DANIELLE: READY.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT, 20 SECONDS ON
THE CLOCK, PLEASE. WE ASKED 100
MARRIED MEN. TELL ME HOW MANY
POUNDS YOU'D LIKE YOUR WIFE TO
LOSE.
DANIELLE: 15.
STEVE: NAME A U.S. STATE THAT
HAS LOTS OF FARMS.
DANIELLE: KANSAS.
STEVE: NAME A PART OF YOUR BODY
THAT MIGHT POP OUT.
DANIELLE: YOUR BREASTS.
STEVE: NAME ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH "JAM."
DANIELLE: DAM.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING THAT MAKES
THINGS LOOK BIGGER.
DANIELLE: CAMERA.
[BELL DINGS]
STEVE: ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO. WE ASKED
100 MARRIED MEN. TELL ME HOW
MANY POUNDS YOU'D LIKE YOUR WIFE
TO LOSE. YOU SAID 15. SURVEY
SAID...
NAME A U.S. STATE THAT HAS LOTS
OF FARMS. YOU SAID KANSAS.
SURVEY SAID...
NAME A PART OF YOUR BODY THAT
MIGHT POP OUT. YOU SAID YOUR
BREAST. SURVEY SAID...
GIVE ME A WORD THAT RHYMES WITH
"JAM." YOU SAID DAM. SURVEY
SAID...
NAME SOMETHING THAT MAKES THINGS
LOOK BIGGER. YOU SAID CAMERA.
SURVEY SAID...
ALL RIGHT.
DANIELLE: THANK YOU.
ERIC: HA HA HA!
STEVE: YOU PROBABLY COULD HAVE
SAVED THAT HIGH 5.
[LAUGHTER]
RYAN: I DIDN'T WANT TO LEAVE HER
HANGING.
STEVE: I KNOW IT. SHE LEFT YOU
HANGING. IT WASN'T THAT BAD,
MAN. IT WASN'T THAT BAD. YOU
NEED A LOT OF POINTS.
RYAN: THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
STEVE: YOU NEED A LOT. BUT LET
ME TELL YOU SOMETHING. I'VE BEEN
WATCHING YOU PLAY. IF YOU FOCUS,
MAN, AND YOU GIVE ME SOME GOOD
ANSWERS, WE CAN STILL GET OUT OF
HERE WITH THIS MONEY. AS A
MATTER OF FACT, YOU GET 154
POINTS, MAN, WE'LL HAVE THE
MONEY.
RYAN: PROCLAIM IT.
STEVE: IT'S ALL WE NEED. OK,
GOOD. YOU A POSITIVE GUY. I LIKE
THAT.
RYAN: ABSOLUTELY.
STEVE: COME ON, MAN. ALL RIGHT,
LET'S GO.
RYAN: ALL RIGHT.
STEVE: I'M GONNA ASK YOU THE
SAME 5 QUESTIONS. YOU CANNOT
DUPLICATE THE ANSWERS. IF YOU
DO, YOU'RE GONNA HEAR THIS
SOUND--
[BUZZ BUZZ]
I'M GONNA SAY "TRY AGAIN," YOU
GIVE ME ANOTHER ANSWER. GONNA BE
A LITTLE BIT TOUGHER THIS TIME,
SO WE'LL GIVE YOU 25 SECONDS.
YOU READY?
RYAN: YES.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT, LET'S REMIND
EVERYBODY OF DANIELLE'S ANSWERS.
25 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK, PLEASE.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, MAN. TAKE
YOUR TIME.
RYAN: OK.
STEVE: WE ASKED 100 MARRIED MEN.
TELL ME HOW MANY POUNDS YOU'D
LIKE YOUR WIFE TO LOSE.
RYAN: 20.
STEVE: NAME A U.S. STATE THAT
HAS LOTS OF FARMS.
RYAN: WYOMING.
STEVE: NAME A PART OF YOUR BODY
THAT MIGHT POP OUT.
RYAN: YOUR SHOULDER.
STEVE: GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH "JAM."
RYAN: RAM.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING THAT MAKES
THINGS LOOK BIGGER.
RYAN: MAGNIFYING GLASS.
[BELL DINGS]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
$5.00 A POINT, THOUGH, RIGHT?
[STEVE LAUGHS]
[LAUGHTER]
STEVE: HE'S ALREADY DONE THE
MATH WITH IT. STILL GETTING THAT
$5.00 A POINT, STEVE? COME ON,
LET'S SEE WHAT WE CAN GET.
[LAUGHTER]
HE LOOKED UP THERE AND WENT,
"WELL, WE AIN'T GONNA GET NO
DAMN 20. STILL GETTING THAT
$5.00 A POINT?" YEAH, MAN. YEAH,
WE GONNA GIVE YOU THAT, MAN.
LOVE THAT. ALL RIGHT, WE ASKED A
HUNDRED MARRIED MEN. TELL ME HOW
MANY POUNDS YOU'D LIKE YOUR WIFE
TO LOSE. YOU SAID 20. SURVEY
SAID...
10. 10 WAS THE NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. NAME A U.S. STATE THAT
HAS LOTS OF FARMS. YOU SAID THE
HUGE STATE OF WYOMING. SURVEY
SAID...
IOWA. IOWA NUMBER ONE. NAME A
PART OF YOUR BODY THAT MIGHT POP
OUT. YOU SAID SHOULDER. SURVEY
SAID...
STOMACH. STOMACH WAS THE NUMBER
ONE ANSWER. GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH "JAM." YOU SAID RAM.
SURVEY SAID...
HAM. HAM WAS NUMBER ONE.
DANIELLE: HAM.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING THAT MAKES
THINGS LOOK BIGGER. WE'RE 111
AWAY. YOU SAID MAGNIFYING GLASS.
IT'S A BIG ONE. SURVEY SAID...
RYAN: AW. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
STEVE: MAGNIFYING GLASS.
MAGNIFYING GLASS NUMBER ONE.
HEY, $5.00 A POINT. 750...750...
[LAUGHS] THAT'S THE FIRST PERSON
EVER WANTED THAT. 715 BUCKS, AND
THEY'RE COMING RIGHT BACK ON
"FAMILY FEUD." HEY, MAKE SURE
YOU FOLLOW "FAMILY FEUD" ON
SOCIAL MEDIA. I'M STEVE HARVEY.
WE'LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME, FOLKS.